hi I need to call my boyfriend let me
dial it all right
Joe Jonas speaking praises Hannah hi
Hannah
hi halogen concert it was awesome we
rocked nice alright um do you wanna go
on a date tonight
sure how about I meet you of the buxton
rest perfect I made reservations you've
read my mind I love you I love you too
what time
six o'clock okay alright I'll see you
there alright bye hello welcome to the
Buxton restaurant
can I do for you um me and my wife and
our child are wanting to go here but we
didn't make reservations well we don't
have any open table so can I lead you to
the um you know resting area um actually
my wife is already there but um how long
is the wait going to be when a table
clears up all I tell you is it gonna be
like 30 minutes ninety nine and a half
hour long people are in their meals okay
well then um I guess we'll just go sit
down thank you mm-hmm but the bag is
such a nice restaurant honey welcome
yeah Montana and Joe Jonas oh how cool
so do you guys have a reservation yes um
I accidentally made it a little bit late
that okay well there be a long wait for
a table oh now we'll arrange for table
immediately what are you kidding me
honey honey chill no I will not shall we
at first this is not cool and you're not
a pop star dude oh all right um your
table is
over there so Felicity is waiting I love
this restaurant they stretch nice
service
hi I'm Felicity your waitress what would
you like evening um I'll just have a
glass of water for now and um I'll have
a glass of water too with a slice of
lemon bar no thank you
oh here's your favorite dress oh yeah
wow this is quite a scene oh I'm sorry
what did you do Felicity you are so
fired there's anything I can do for you
sir I'm sure oh my gosh honey let's get
out of here okay here's your stuff oh
I'm just so mad tonight honey it's only
water it'll come out you are being a
little overreactor this is one of my
best dresses come on let's get out of
here
fine no please don't go be no attic here
oh hi sorry I'm nicely finally got the
bar C and the juice box delicious ah you
still drink this boxes yeah so what did
you think of Hannah Montana didn't you
think she was a little overdramatic no
she's just a pop star honey she has
everything she ever wanted what do you
think she's supposed to be so carefree
yeah she was a little too dramatic no
she wasn't
well you're my pop star honey and I
don't think you're overdramatic at all
oh you're so sweet
you